♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running all day
and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until I see
the light, I go ♪
♪ Tell me something, how much
higher can we go from here ♪
♪ We're changing the game ♪
♪ And they all wanna know
if this is only a phase ♪
♪ Don't have the answer,
but we keep on climbing ♪
♪ Breaking boundaries
and setting the pace ♪
♪ And we ain't never gonna stop
until the world's our stage ♪
♪ Yeah, you might say that's
impossible ♪
♪ Stronger together,
we're turning into probable ♪
♪ And in the darkest shadows,
we'll be shining, uh ♪
♪ So hold on tight 'cause we KO
every single fight ♪
♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running all day
and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until I see
the light, I go ♪
♪ No turning back ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪♪
♪ I'm not gonna fall ♪
♪ I'll rise
'till I reach the sky ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until I see
the light, I go ♪
[ Hawk cries ]
[ Children choir singing ]
♪♪
Hmm?
How very exciting.
I'm controlling
a Princess of Jahad
like she's a divine sea fish.
[ Exhales sharply ]
So damn fascinating!
Hey, Princesses?!
Where are you?
[ Sighs heavily ]
What if they actually got eaten
by the bull?
Huh?
What -- What is this?
It's...terrifying.
Did you just say you were
looking for a Princess?
♪♪
Hey...
Rachel, you feel it,
too, right?
Huh?
Yeah.
I wonder
what this light is.
It feels like there's power
welling up inside of me.
Anything is possible
in here.
Huh?
I mean, after all,
we're inside Shinsoo right now.
[ Choir continues ]
What do you say
we end this?
Yes...kill her.
Let's get this over with.
♪♪
So we can have
lunch together.
Ah...
Huh?!
Are you kidding me
right now?
[ Groaning ]
Not at all.
So.
Ah?
Come on.
Hand it over.
[ Chuckles ]
Come on, let's go.
Hurry it up.
Hmm?
[ Grunts ]
Ignition!
[ Straining ]
♪♪
It is pretty...
[ Chuckles ]
...but it's
a little bright.
Huh?
Yeah.
-[ Grunts ]
You won't escape!
[ Grunts ]
[ Grunting ]
Over here!
Huh?
[ Both grunting ]
[ Shouting ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Screaming ]
[ All shouting ]
Hyah! Hyah!
[ Screaming continues ]
For crying out loud,
run faster, you damn Gator!
[ Screaming continues ]
Hmm.
Forget it!
Running has
never been my thing.
You'd better
hold on tight.
Huh?
[ Shouting ]
[ Screams ]
What are you doing?!
Stop, stop, stop!
No, no, no, no, no, no.
[ Crying ]
Please, stop!
-[ Shouts ]
-[ Screams ]
-Step!
[ Crying ]
-Jump!
[ Crying continues ]
Help me!
Hyah!
[ Coughing ]
[ Barnacle goblins snickering
and laughing ]
There are gross-looking turtles
everywhere.
Well, what are we
gonna do, Gator?!
This is awesome.
[ Sighs ]
I'm in Hell.
I can't...believe it.
[ Groans ]
This is the end, Rice Boy.
Ah, geez...
Just know that I'm doing this
in self-defense, Princess.
[ Growling ]
[ Shouts ]
[ Shouts indistinctly ]
[ Both grunting ]
You've really given me
no choice.
[ Laughs ]
Stop that.
-[ Laughs ]
-[ Panting ]
I can't wait to tell King Jahad
about this.
A Princess committed treason
against me,
and I was forced to respond.
[ Gasps ] Damn you.
This must have been
your intention all along.
[ Grunts ]
-[ Chuckles ]
Insects should be squashed
to death underfoot.
[ Screaming ]
Stop it!
[ Giggling ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Laughing maniacally ]
Hmm? [ Chuckles ]
Ow!
[ Quick impacts ]
Hey! Hey! Ow, ow, ow, ow!
Don't, ow, hey!
Stop that!
Who is doing that?
Yuri: Who's doing that,
you ask?
[ Footsteps approaching ]
[ Groaning ]
Just so you know,
those two on the ground
over there,
they're my precious
little sisters.
Wait a sec.
Yuri Jahad?
Hmm?
Thanks for showing me
the way.
It was all my honor,
Princess.
What on earth are you
doing here?
What?
Why are you talking to me
like you don't know
who I am?
Ahh! I haven't
introduced myself yet.
I am Royal Enforcement
Division unit --
Huh?
Hey, wait.
Isn't that my sword over there?
I could've sworn
I lent that to someone.
You've saved me the trouble
of returning these.
On King Jahad's orders,
I am here to retrieve
the 13 Month Series weapons.
Yuri: Really?
So I'll just return
to my duties.
Get out of here.
I will be the only one
to touch those weapons.
Now go.
Ah...
[ Explosion ]
[ Barnacle goblins shouting ]
[ Shouting ]
Stay back!
Not bad, Parasol.
I told you already!
It's Parakewl!
I'm not gonna die
on top of a worm.
No way.
I don't wanna die!
-Ha!
-Someone -- Someone help!
Anybody, pleeeaaase!
[ Whimpering ]
Huh?
Huh? Wh-- Huh?
I possess some kind
of power now?
You idiot.
Take a look behind you.
-Oh, of course.
[ Yawns ]
[ Sighs ]
Hmm?
-[ Straining ]
-Is there a reason
you're still here?
-King Jahad will be so sad...
Hmm.
...once he learns a Prince
has defended an impostor.
This guy...
[ Rumbling ]
You know, I don't want
to believe this, but...
...are you seriously
threatening me?
I'll only say it
one more time.
Get out of here now
because otherwise,
I'll kill you.
How can you look at me
like that?
You're making me shiver
so I can't control it.
Stop!
If you keep
looking at me like that,
I can't restrain myself.
I couldn't help it...
[ Panting ]
Hey, hairball.
Huh?
Are you done?
Huh?! What?
Oh, my...
Just know that I'm doing this
in self-defense, okay?
Everything's going to be
okay, Rachel.
Huh?
No matter what happens,
from now on,
there's nothing to worry about.
I'll take you to the top.
We'll climb
the Tower together.
Huh?
Bam.
[ Explosion ]
[ Panting ]
Why are you avoiding me,
you scaredy cat?
She's strong.
She's a Ranker,
Princess of Jahad.
Why don't you come
and get me?
For goodness sake,
why are striped earthpigs
coming out of the worm's mouth?
[ Earthpigs squealing ]
It must have been
Ugly Earrings who did this.
Sunwoo: Yeah, it's all according
to Khun's plan.
-Huh?
The blue turtle
planned this?
Yeah.
So we found out that there's
an underground tunnel
the Net Dolphins
use to reach the water
and that the striped earthpigs
use the same path.
At least that's what Khun said.
That's his plan.
Khun:
If Laure collapses the passage,
we can easily lead the pigs
to the goblins.
Sunwoo:
And then he said we could just
let them fight with each other.
Isn't that right, Khun?
-Yeah.
-Hmm.
Okay, you guys can
handle the rest.
I think that I'll take a break.
All done?
[ Chuckles ]
Laure: Nice and sunny.
No wind...
no chatty people...
no noise.
It'll be perfect.
[ Snoring ]
Hmm?
Boy: I heard about you.
I wanted to check you out
for myself.
Don't bother.
There's no way
that you can beat me.
Lero-Ro: This is definitely
an emergency, director.
It's inconceivable an intruder
has entered the testing area.
What?! Get a close up.
♪♪
Huh.
I'm sorry, there seems
to be some interference.
Indeed.
[ Groans ]
You can't be serious.
I'm going to kill them.
You can't.
Huh?
This test is being conducted
by The Guardian.
He's the only one
in charge of it.
We can't interfere.
You seem awfully composed
right now.
[ Chuckles ]
Yes, well then.
Leaving?
I'm out of cafe latte.
Hmm.
Why are things so tense
between you two?
Boy: Don't look at me like that,
stepstool of Princess Maria.
So, what does a member
of the Khun family want with me?
[ Grunts ]
Would you like to see
the Princess?
Maria?
[ Gasps ]
I'd be happy to take you
to see her
any time you want.
[ Growls ]
And why's that?!
'Cause it's kind of fun
to upset the Khun family.
I'm an outcast in this family,
too, you know.
Come on.
[ Shouting ]
[ Yawns ]
Evan: Hurry up, Kurdan.
It's dangerous to leave
Ms. Yuri alone for too long.
She always puts a priority
on having her personal fun.
-Welcome.
-Ah.
Huh?
Please have some.
It looks like he knew
we were coming.
So Evankhell isn't here?
No, she's away
for the moment.
That's what I thought.
Otherwise, you never
would've conducted
the test like this.
There's no way
you haven't noticed yet.
One of Jahad's assassins
has entered
the testing area.
[ Grunts ]
Ohh! [ Grunts ]
I'll just cut to the chase.
The Black March is the thing
we're most --
Yu: You're here
to retrieve it.
Huh?
I'm just your average
test director,
but no matter what happens,
I won't let anyone
find out about this.
[ Groaning ]
Hmph.
[ Gasps ]
Don't tell me...
It's only natural
that the Jahad family
should be made to deal
with picking up their own trash.
Is this guy letting the
assassin run free on purpose?
-Kurdan.
-Yes, boss.
Yuri: Are you satisfied?
Evan: Princess,
please don't get involved!
If you want to go ahead
and kill him, that's fine,
but you absolutely
mustn't help Anak's daughter.
Just take some deep breaths.
Hmm...
Endorsi: Alright, then.
We'll do it.
I may be badly wounded,
but you're not nearly strong
enough --
Shut up!
If helping out a friend
is an act of treason,
then I'm a traitor!
Yeah, that's right.
Stop.
Do not interfere anymore.
Understand?
But...
[ Coughing chuckling ]
A wise decision.
Kurdan, deal with him.
[ Shouting ]
-[ Whimpers ]
-[ Grunts ]
[ Smacks ]
The reason I'm climbing
the Tower
has nothing to do
with Maria.
Why not, then?
You want to become
head of the family?
I plan on going higher.
That's a big dream you have
for someone who's too scared
to even pull a knife
on yours truly.
However...
[ Grunts ]
It seems like you have
some pretty decent allies.
[ Sighs ]
So, best of luck
with that.
What do you think?
Should we let him go?
What are you doing, Hatz?
I don't understand.
Hmm.
I don't know,
are you a man
who rests quietly
while his friends
are fighting?
[ Gasps ]
If I were to let you die
out here,
how would I ever be able
to face him again?
[ Water rushing ]
You know,
I'm a different person
from the one in that cave.
[ Shink ]
Lo Po Bia Ren:
Are you looking for that boy?
[ All grunt/gasp ]
If that's the case,
then too bad.
Man: What do you mean?
Well, you see, I've already
managed to send the ball to him.
Bam: I've made friends
and I've learned to use shinsu
a little bit,
so it's going to be okay.
Together we'll climb --
[Grunts]
♪♪
Ugh!
[ Grunts ]
Hey, Rachel,
are you okay?
Lo Po Bia Ren: What a shame.
It's a real waste of his
talents.
But I cannot allow him
to climb the tower.
I cannot allow
the irregular to live.
Mm. [ Grimaces ]
[ Roaring ]
[ Grunts ]
Bam, no!
So what does that mean?
Yuri:
I can't take this anymore.
Huh?
♪♪
It's finished,
I'll crush it.
You must not do that.
If you interfere,
Bam is bound to fail.
Fail? Who cares about
whether or not he fails?
I care!
I won't stop.
We're climbing the tower
together.
[ Gasps ]
Mm.
Princess.
This is all we can do
right now.
He has to be able to make it
back here all by himself.
I know he'll be fine,
Bam I will definitely
make his way through the test.
[ Grunts, groans ]
I agree.
Bam always gets things done.
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
[ Roars ]
Really?
It is encouraging seeing
how he's grown.
[ Panting ]
Interesting.
[ Roaring ]
[ Warbling ]
♪♪
[ Grimaces ]
[ Grunts ]
Bam!
♪♪
[ Squelches ]
[ Roaring ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
[ Panting ]
♪♪
Now then.
[ Grunts ]
No! Give it back.
Come and get it once you know
how to use it properly.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Here you go.
Huh?
Give that to him, please,
tell him to go
to the 77th floor.
Yes, ma'am.
Evan, we're leaving now.
Show me the way back.
I'll be right there.
Just give me
one more minute, please.
[ Gasps ]
What's a guide doing here?
♪♪
[ Grunts, groans ]
Didn't I tell you?
I promised.
I promised I'd take you
to the tower one day.
♪♪
We can look at the stars
at the top.
Together.
Yes, Bam.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Rachel?
♪♪
♪ Where you going?
It's hard to keep up ♪
♪ You're moving so fast,
leaving me behind me ♪
♪ Give me an hour,
that's all I need ♪
♪ It's now or never,
I'm running out of time ♪
♪ The seconds are relentless,
I'm helpless ♪
♪ As they keep flying by ♪
♪ Stuck here in the desert,
I feel like ♪
♪ I'm in an hourglass ♪
♪ Maybe I can stay and be
comfortable ♪
♪ Living in the past,
but I don't wanna be ♪
♪ Alone so can you take me
to you now ♪
♪ Too fast, I try to follow,
but I'm losing hope ♪
♪ We used to walk together
down this winding road ♪
♪ But you're so far ahead it
seems impossible to catch up ♪
♪ And now
I'm walking on my way ♪
♪ All alone,
I'm feeling so cold ♪
♪ Not getting anywhere,
I feel like I'm in slow mode ♪
♪ Used to be a winner,
everything was
♪ All black and white ♪
♪ Now I'm bottom of the pile,
a dusty photo ♪
♪ I'm afraid I'm gonna be
left stranded by myself ♪
♪ All the foolish dreams I had
inside of me are broken ♪
♪ Everything I wanted in the
distance out of reach ♪
♪ Am I the only one that's gonna
stay here forgotten ♪
♪ Ey ♪
♪♪